# Codebreaker web

**Codebreaker web is a web app** based on Rack and represents a mastermind game, where the player must to guess a secret code generated by game. By default code consists of **four numbers between 1 and 6**.

## Installation

Clone repository to your local machine ([github docs](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository))
```
git clone https://github.com/valter0ff/codebreaker_web.git
```
Run terminal in your  `codebreaker_web` folder and type 
```
$ bundle install
$ yarn install 
```
## Usage
Start app with command
```
$ rackup
```
Open your browser at `http://127.0.0.1:9292` (by default) and enjoy.

## Game Rules
* **Codebreaker** is a logic game in which a code-breaker tries to break a **secret code** created by a code-maker. The **codemaker**, which will be played by the application we’re going to write, creates a secret code of **four numbers** between **1 and 6**.
* The codebreaker **gets** some number of chances to break the code (depends on chosen difficulty). In each turn, the **codebreaker** makes a guess of **4** numbers. The **codemaker** then marks the guess with up to 4 signs - **+** or - or **empty spaces**.
* A **+** indicates an exact match: one of the numbers in the guess is the same as one of the numbers in the secret code and in the same position. For example:
Secret number - 1234
Input number - 6264
Number of pluses - 2 (second and fourth position)
* A **-** indicates a number match: one of the numbers in the guess is the same as one of the numbers in the secret code but in a different position. For example:
**Secret number** - 1234
**Input number** - 6462
**Number of minuses** - 2 (second and fourth position)
* An empty space indicates that there is not a current digit in a secret number.
* If codebreaker inputs the **exact number** as a secret number - codebreaker **wins** the game. If all attempts are spent - codebreaker **loses**.
* **Codebreaker** also has some number of **hints**(depends on chosen difficulty). If a user takes a hint - he receives back a separate digit of the secret code.

## License

The game is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
